Easter release week (release v8.16) (#872)
MichaIng/DietPi-Docs: docs/software/home_automation.md

    - HTTP: `http://<your.IP>:8124`
    - HTTPS: `https://<your.IP>:8424`
    - Username: `admin`
    - Password: `domoticz`

>     - NB: We recommend to create a new user with admin privileges via **Setup** -> **Users** and remove the above default one, or at least change the default password.

Reviewer: I always try to avoid these abbreviations and e.g. use "Remark:"

Author: Ah, or a "tip" box.

Author: Like so? This is the green box with the flame:
```suggestion

    !!! tip "Change default user and password"
        We recommend to create a new user with admin privileges via **Setup** -> **Users** and remove the default one, or at least change the default password.
```

>     - NB: We recommend to create a new user with admin privileges via **Setup** -> **Users** and remove the above default one, or at least change the default password.

Author: ```suggestion

    !!! top "Change default user and password"
    We recommend to create a new user with admin privileges via **Setup** -> **Users** and remove the default one, or at least change the default password.
```
